hello YouTube premises 187 again had a
few questions about my helmet camera set
up and I just fought sure sure to you
guys it's um I'm no longer using em Dae
small GP camera thing i'm using a sony
bloggie now let me safe to Sony Bloggie
don't you can't see that I don't think
it's a sony bloggie MH s p.m. 5 and what
it's got is a swivel lens on the end now
so I'm what I've done is with my MX
helmet as you see I've got a small time
through here zip tie and I'll show you
exactly what I do with that
fits nice and tight but there's still a
bit of shake there so what I do in that
instance put you on call rubber up at
the top like so and it's going nowhere
now so when I'm right in I can see what
I'm recording and if I don't like the
angle move it about usually a ride with
it about there check it out see if
you've got a typical normal full face
helmet then this wouldn't be such a
great idea you can't do it this is only
a temporary solution really until I find
myself a GoPro it is a splash proof to
an extent because then you've got the
peak over the top of it here but it's
not waterproof I wouldn't recommend
going mad in a rain with it but you know
a small light shell wouldn't harm it
I'll give you the inside view
you